Replace bookdown with quarto instructions (#231)
r-devel/rdevguide: README.md

- whenever there's a push to main, the book is built and its content is put in the `docs` directory.

> If you want to render the guide locally, you need to download and install `quarto-cli` as described [here](https://quarto.org/docs/get-started/) . Then, from the command line (not the R console), run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to render the guide locally, you need to download and install the Quarto CLI (command line interface) as documented on the [Quarto website](https://quarto.org/docs/get-started/) . Then, from the command line (not the R console), run
```

```quarto preview``` 

> to preview changes on real time, or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to preview changes. If you are using VS Code or RStudio, you can use the Preview button (VS Code) or Render button (RStudio) instead.
```

```quarto preview```  

> to generate the book in the `docs` folder. You can open the guide on the command line via `open docs/index.html`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to generate the book in the `_book` folder. This will also generate the PDF and ePub versions of the book, so takes a little longer. You can open the HTML version of the guide from the command line via `open _book/index.html`. 
```
